Good Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Good Technology (established in 1996) is a mobile security solutions provider headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, United States. The company serves more than 5,000 organizations worldwide in industries such as financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, energy and utilities, legal, government, and technology. Good makes products for managing and securing mobile devices in a business environment. The company focuses on the security of the data as well as the device. In September 2013 the company’s "Good for Enterprise (GFE)" solution became the first cross-platform mobile collaboration solution to achieve Common Criteria Evaluation Assurance Level 4 Augmented (EAL4+) and the only containerized solution to meet this level of security certification on IOS or Android.

Today’s Good Technology is a continuation of the company as founded in 2000, but also of former competitor Visto, founded in 1996, which acquired and assumed the name of Good Technology in 2009.
Visto, founded as Roampage in 1996 and renamed to Visto in 1997, produced software to allow professionals to access documents on their desktop PCs from a mobile device.
Good Technology was founded as SpringThings in 2000, adopting the "Good" moniker shortly thereafter. After developing and marketing an MP3 player for the Handspring Visor, it began producing email solutions for mobile professionals.
Both companies were known as market leaders in email access from portable devices. In November 2006, Motorola announced plans to acquire Good Technology as part of its plan to compete with Research in Motion’s Blackberry product line in the enterprise sector, and expressed its intention to continue licensing its technology to other phone manufacturers. At the time of the acquisition, Good’s flagship products were Good Mobile Messaging, Good Mobile Intranet and Good Mobile Defense; the company had 470 employees.
On February 23, 2009, Motorola announced that it had agreed to sell Good Technology to rival push email provider, Visto. In 2009 Visto announced that it had renamed itself Good Technology effectively taking the name of the former independent company.
Good Technology continued to expand its portfolio through corporate acquisitions including Intercasting Corporation (May 2009), Copiun (2012), and AppCentral (2012).
In December 2009 Good Technology began supporting iPhone and Android devices. The company launched Good Dynamics, a set of mobile application development tools for enterprise and consumers, in October 2011.
With the Good Secure Mobility Solution, released in June 2013, Good Technology aimed to address real-world usage in which professionals use several apps to accomplish a task. Building on its app containerization approach and the Good Dynamics platform, the company presented a system that was both secure and responsive to customers’ usage habits.
In September 2013 the company’s "Good for Enterprise (GFE)" solution became the first cross-platform mobile collaboration solution to achieve Common Criteria Evaluation Assurance Level 4 Augmented (EAL4+) and the only containerized solution to meet this level of security certification on either iOS or Android.